- Imagine you have a computer with you, in which you have written an algorithm. 
- So some code is written in it. Which will take some input and it will give some output.
- People look at this code and decide that this is really useful for them. So they are ready to pay you so that they can use that code.
- You cannot go around giving your computer to everybody.
- So what you end up doing is, you expose your code using some protocol which is going to be running in the internet.
- By exposing your code by something called as an API (Application Programmable Interface), people can request something and get something in response.

- Imagine setting up this computer. It may require to configure / consider the following
    -- a database
    -- the endpoints
    -- downtime should be lowest (preferrably by using a cloud service)
- The reason we host our algorithm / solution in cloud are
    -- making sure downtime is lowest
    -- configuration
    -- settings
    -- reliability etc..
    can be taken care of by large extend by the cloud providers
    -- and with that, we can focus more on our business requirements.
- Now, suppose the algorithm you written, is not able to handle all the connections coming to it at some point.
- To overcome this issue, we have two solutions.
    -- Buy a bigger machine or bigger computing space. (Vertical Scaling)
    -- Buy several machines (Horizontal Scaling)
-- The ability to handle more requests by buying more machines or buying bigger machines is called Scalability


PROS AND CONS
Horizontal Scaling
1. Load Balancing is required
2. Resilient
3. Communcates through Network calls between systems (can be slow)
4. Data Consistency is an issue
5. Scales well as users increases

Vertical Scaling
1. No need for Load Balancing
2. Single point of failure
3. Inter process communication (faster)
4. Consistent
5. Hardware Limit issue