- Let's discuss distributed systems with the help of a real word example.
- Suppose you are opening a restaurant. How will you scale?

- Say our restaurant initially just have one chef.
    - but there comes a point where he can't handle all the orders that are coming to him.
    1. increase chef's salary and ask him to work harder.
    2. prepare before the peak hours.
    3. now, the chef call sick one day. Your business in in trouble because he's the single point of failure. we can make up this by employing a backup chef. Employ them only for the days the chef is on leave.
    4. Hire more chefs as business increases. 
    5. Now say the some chefs are specialized in some items. So if we get some specific orders, it's better to assign them to the chef who's specialized in it.
    6. Now we are opening a new branch in the city or a near by city. So, based on where the request is coming from, we need to deliver accordingly
    
    
    1. Vertical Scaling -- Optimize processes and increse throughput using the same resources.
    2. Preprocessing & Cron Job -- Prepare beforehand during no-peak hours.
    3. Backups -- Keep backups and avoid single point of failures.
    4. Horizontal Scaling -- Hire more resources.
    5. microservices
    6. Distributed system (partitions) 
        -- Take the example of facebook. They have servers in many parts of the world.
        - more fault tolerant
        - give quicker result
    7. Load Balancer - Decide on to where a particular request should be routed to based on the business requirements.
    8. Decoupling - Seperation of responsiblities / concerns so that you can handle separate systems more efficiently.
    9. Logging and Matrics Calculation
        - Analytics
        - Auditing
        - Reporting
        - Machine Learning
    10. Keep your system Extensible -- You don't want to rewrite your code again and again to serve a different purpose